What else does Mr. Ji order?
It's not that I didn't eat enough ice cream
Let me buy you another one.
That
I want you to rejoin
After all, the money is really spent.
Well, thank you Mr. Ji
I will make good use of this opportunity
Work well.
Thank you.
It turns out that I'm really not even as good as a child
What about Su Ran? Su Ran and designer Sun
Two people are having a meeting in the conference room next door
What, just the two of them?
Su Ran won't make Mr. Ji angry again, right?
It may be no wonder that he found Su Ran as soon as he came in.
Go and see
What happened to Mr. Ji?
I don't know.
Do you want to eat together after lunch break?
Ah!
Hey
Would you like a cup of coffee?
Really no need to talk about it later
Are you finished?
Can you later
Don't be alone with your thoughts
Mr. Ji shouldn't be
Are you jealous?